README.md, before:

# Files
  
Manage your files and folders, open and read files, control their existence and get their meta data.  

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Português](README.pr.md), [Español](README.es.md)*

## How to install this module
  
To install the module in Rocketbot Studio, it can be done in two ways:
1. Manual: __Download__ the .zip file and unzip it in the modules folder. The folder name must be the same as the module and inside it must have the following files and folders: \__init__.py, package.json, docs, example and libs. If you have the application open, refresh your browser to be able to use the new module.
2. Automatic: When entering Rocketbot Studio on the right margin you will find the **Addons** section, select **Install Mods**, search for the desired module and press install.  


## Overview


1. Open Folder  
Open folder from a file path

2. Open File  
Open file

3. Get file  
Ask the user to select a file and get the path

4. Get folder  
Ask the user to select a folder

5. Rename folder  
Ask the user to select a folder to rename it

6. Read file  
Reads a plain text file and saves its contents in a variable

7. Delete folder  
Delete a folder with all files

8. Delete file  
Delete a file indicating its extension and its name or part of the name

9. Create Folder  
Enter the path with name where you want to create the folder

10. Check existence  
Check if a file o folder exists

11. List sorted files  
CList files and select sort

12. Search File  
Returns a list with matches

13. Get Metadata  
Obtains file metadata such as: Name, modification date, creation date and file weight.

14. Delete folder contents  
Deletes all the contents of a folder  




----
### OS

- windows

### Dependencies

### License
  
![MIT](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/107590fac8cbd65071396bb4d04040f76cde5bde/687474703a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f3a6c6963656e73652d6d69742d626c75652e7376673f7374796c653d666c61742d737175617265)  
[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.ph)

Commit message:

[add] new commands to copy-paste directory and content

README.md, after:





# Files
  
Manage your files and folders, open and read files, control their existence and get their meta data.  

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Português](README.pr.md), [Español](README.es.md)*

## How to install this module
  
To install the module in Rocketbot Studio, it can be done in two ways:
1. Manual: __Download__ the .zip file and unzip it in the modules folder. The folder name must be the same as the module and inside it must have the following files and folders: \__init__.py, package.json, docs, example and libs. If you have the application open, refresh your browser to be able to use the new module.
2. Automatic: When entering Rocketbot Studio on the right margin you will find the **Addons** section, select **Install Mods**, search for the desired module and press install.  


## Overview


1. Open Folder  
Open folder from a file path

2. Open File  
Open file

3. Get file  
Ask the user to select a file and get the path

4. Get folder  
Ask the user to select a folder

5. Rename folder  
Ask the user to select a folder to rename it

6. Read file  
Reads a plain text file and saves its contents in a variable

7. Delete folder  
Delete a folder with all files

8. Delete file  
Delete a file indicating its extension and its name or part of the name

9. Create Folder  
Enter the path with name where you want to create the folder

10. Check existence  
Check if a file o folder exists

11. List sorted files  
CList files and select sort

12. Search File  
Returns a list with matches

13. Get Metadata  
Obtains file metadata such as: Name, modification date, creation date and file weight.

14. Delete folder contents  
Deletes all the contents of a folder

15. Copy/Paste folder  
Copies the folder including all its content

16. Copy/Paste contents  
Copies the contents of a folder without the root folder  




----
### OS

- windows

### Dependencies

### License
  
![MIT](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/107590fac8cbd65071396bb4d04040f76cde5bde/687474703a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f3a6c6963656e73652d6d69742d626c75652e7376673f7374796c653d666c61742d737175617265)  
[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.ph)
